README.md, before:

# The Romans Are Coming!

A game written in Rust for the [WASM-4](https://wasm4.org) fantasy console.

## Building

Build the cart by running:

```shell
cargo build --release
```

Then run it with:

```shell
w4 run target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cart.wasm
```

For more info about setting up WASM-4, see the [quickstart guide](https://wasm4.org/docs/getting-started/setup?code-lang=rust#quickstart).

## License

This game was made by Sander in 't Veld. Its source code is made available to you under the MIT License, as specified in *LICENSE.txt*.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

## Links

- [Documentation](https://wasm4.org/docs): Learn more about WASM-4.
- [Snake Tutorial](https://wasm4.org/docs/tutorials/snake/goal): Learn how to build a complete game
  with a step-by-step tutorial.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/aduros/wasm4): Submit an issue or PR. Contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

Redesigned the menu with a wreath by scribbles pixels.

README.md, after:

# The Romans Are Coming!

A game written in Rust for the [WASM-4](https://wasm4.org) fantasy console.

## Building

Build the cart by running:

```shell
cargo build --release
```

Then run it with:

```shell
w4 run target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/cart.wasm
```

For more info about setting up WASM-4, see the [quickstart guide](https://wasm4.org/docs/getting-started/setup?code-lang=rust#quickstart).

## Credits

A game by Sander in 't Veld.

Wreath pixel art on menu screen by [scribbles pixels](https://scrixels.tumblr.com/).

Color palette based on [Painted Parchment 9 by skeddles](https://lospec.com/palette-list/painted-parchment-9).

## License

This game was made by Sander in 't Veld. Its source code is made available to you under the MIT License, as specified in *LICENSE.txt*.

The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in connection with the software or the use or other dealings in the software.

## Links

- [Documentation](https://wasm4.org/docs): Learn more about WASM-4.
- [Snake Tutorial](https://wasm4.org/docs/tutorials/snake/goal): Learn how to build a complete game
  with a step-by-step tutorial.
- [GitHub](https://github.com/aduros/wasm4): Submit an issue or PR. Contributions are welcome!
